Mention performance/usability in Best practices for engine contributors (#3788)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/contributing/best_practices_for_engine_contributors.rst

Because of this, user proposed solutions don't always contemplate other use
cases that developers are often aware of, so they are often biased towards their
own requirements.

.. image:: img/best_practices4.png

For developers, the perspective is different. They may find the user's problem
too unique to justify a solution (instead of a user workaround), or maybe they
will suggest a partial (usually simpler or lower level) solution that applies to
a wider range of known problems, and leave the rest of the solution up to the
user.

In any case, before attempting a contribution, it is important to discuss the
actual problems with the other developers or contributors, so a better agreement
on implementation can be reached.

The only exception, in this case, is when an area of code has a clear owner
(agreed by the other contributors), who talks to users directly and has the most
knowledge to implement a solution directly.

Also, Godot's philosophy is to favor ease of use and maintenance over absolute
performance. Performance optimizations can still be considered, but they may not
be accepted if they make something more difficult to use or if they add too much

> complexity to the codebase.

Author: For reference, the paragraph I added is here:

> performance. Performance optimizations can still be considered, but they may not
> be accepted if they make something more difficult to use or if they add too much
> complexity to the codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performance. Performance optimizations will be considered, but they may not
be accepted if they make something too difficult to use or if they add too much
complexity to the codebase.
```
